Setup remote server command (#84)
wearerequired/js: packages/setup-remote-server/README.md

# @wearerequired/setup-remote-server

CLI tool to setup remote server with the `shared` directory and files; `.env`, `.htaccess` & `.htpasswd`(for staging sites).

## Installation
Install command globally.
```bash
npm i -g @wearerequired/setup-remote-server@latest
```

> To trigger a deployment the [GitHub cli command](https://cli.github.com/) is used. Install on Mac OS with Brew: `brew install gh`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To trigger a deployment the [GitHub CLI command](https://cli.github.com/) is used. Install on macOS with Homebrew: `brew install gh`.
```

# @wearerequired/setup-remote-server

CLI tool to setup remote server with the `shared` directory and files; `.env`, `.htaccess` & `.htpasswd`(for staging sites).

```bash

> npx @wearerequired/setup-remote-server@latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm i -g @wearerequired/setup-remote-server@latest
```

Due to the number of dependencies we should probably not recommend `npx` here
